rustc_typeck exists no more (#1559)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/type-checking.md

# Type checking

> The [`hir_analysis`] crate contains the source for "type collection"
> and "type checking", as well as a few other bits of related functionality. (It
> draws heavily on the [type inference] and [trait solving].)

Reviewer: this isn't completely right as we've moved type check to `rustc_hir_typeck`.

maybe something like
```suggestion
The [`hir_analysis`] crate contains the source for "type collection" as well as a bunch of related functionality. Checking the bodies of functions is implemented in the [`hir_typeck`] crate. (It draws heavily on the [type inference] and [trait solving].)
```
```

Author: which of these 2 crates "draws heavily..."

Reviewer: both do :grin:
